How to play the game
------------------
Get the system running in a not so bright room since sunlight reduces the Kinect`s vision.

Position yourself in the range of the Kinect.
Form a psi-like shape so that the Kinect starts to take your measurements.
A psi-like shape means you stand straight, face the Kinect and hold your hands up like in the western "Hands up!"

Wait till the callibration is finished and a human-like shape appears in the game.
(If the callibration seemingly takes too long depending on the abilities of your computer, move a little bit so that the Kinect may understand you as a human to be callibrated.)

The first player will be "right" and plays on the right side, the second player will be "left" etc.

Hand Controll
--------------
The "right player controlls the position of his ball-shaped pole  with the right hand relative to the right shoulder and uses the left ellbow angle to controll its status. The pole`s status is shown as a corona around the players magnet.
An  ellbow angle from 180° to 90° results in a turquoise south pole.
An angle below 90° moves the pole towards the north and the angle of nearly 0°C results in a red marked north pole

The "left" player controlls the position of his ball-shaped pole in the game with the left hand and uses the right hand to controll the pole`s status.

The ball
---------
Besides these two controllable poles in the game, the ball that needs to be moved in magnetopong is also a pole.
It is initialized each time as an ideal south or north pole (indicated by its color) and needs to be moved to the others player`s field end.

Special move
------------
There is a booster for each player in the game.
If the booster is charged (see color bar in the respective player`s corner) the player can "boost" its pole`s might proportional to the distance she/he moves the body _up_ .
So jumping up is one possibility to start the boost.
Beding knees and then jumping up covers a bigger distance and icreases the boost.

Callibration of the screen
-------------------------
The game can measure the length of each player`s arm radius to recallibrate the game display. 
This is done automatically when you stretch your ball moving arm to the left, to the right and back to the left while not moving your shoulder part. 
Basically the game measures the angle of your ellbow here (near 180° degrees) and maps the size of the box to the distance your leading arm can stretch.

Have fun and don´t twist your ankles or punch your adversary while playing! :D


